README.md, before:

# MCPGo: The Go-Powered MCP Gateway

MCPGo is a lightweight, high-performance, and future-ready gateway that connects AI Agents with multiple Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers. It is built with a clean, domain-driven architecture and CQRS to ensure scalability and maintainability from day one.

## 🎯 Core Principles

- **Language:** Go (latest stable version)
- **Architecture:** Domain-driven, CQRS, Hexagonal (Ports & Adapters)
- **Dependency Rule:** `interfaces` → `application` → `domain`. `infrastructure` only implements ports defined in the `application` layer.
- **Simplicity:** No heavy code generation or magic. Just clean, idiomatic Go.

## ⚖️ License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License with Commons Clause restriction**. You may use this software freely for non-commercial purposes. For commercial use, please open an issue. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go (version 1.21 or later)
- Make

### Build

To build the application, run:

```sh
make build
```

This will create a binary at `bin/mcpgo`.

### Run

To run the gateway, use:

```sh
make run
```

The server will start on the address specified in the configuration (default: `:8080`).

### Test

To run the test suite:

```sh
make test
```

### Lint

To format and lint the code:

```sh
make lint
```

## 🏛️ Architecture

The project follows a clean architecture pattern, separating concerns into four main layers:

- **Domain:** Contains the core business logic, entities, and value objects. It has no dependencies on any other layer.
- **Application:** Orchestrates the business logic using CQRS. It defines ports (interfaces) for external dependencies like databases or event buses.
- **Interfaces:** Exposes the application to the outside world via APIs (e.g., HTTP, WebSockets).
- **Infrastructure:** Provides concrete implementations for the ports defined in the application layer (e.g., database repositories, event bus clients).

For a more detailed explanation, see [docs/architecture.md](docs/architecture.md).

Commit message:

Add MCP WebSocket gateway and configuration support

README.md, after:

# MCPGo: The Go-Powered MCP Gateway

MCPGo is a lightweight, high-performance, and future-ready gateway that connects AI Agents with multiple Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers. It is built with a clean, domain-driven architecture and CQRS to ensure scalability and maintainability from day one.

## 🎯 Core Principles

- **Language:** Go (latest stable version)
- **Architecture:** Domain-driven, CQRS, Hexagonal (Ports & Adapters)
- **Dependency Rule:** `interfaces` → `application` → `domain`. `infrastructure` only implements ports defined in the `application` layer.
- **Simplicity:** No heavy code generation or magic. Just clean, idiomatic Go.

## ⚖️ License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License with Commons Clause restriction**. You may use this software freely for non-commercial purposes. For commercial use, please open an issue. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full details.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go (version 1.21 or later)
- Make

### Build

To build the application, run:

```sh
make build
```

This will create a binary at `bin/mcpgo`.

### Run

To run the gateway, use:

```sh
make run
```

The server will start on the address specified in the configuration (default: `:443`).

### MCP Gateway Endpoint

MCPGo now speaks the Model Context Protocol directly. Agents can establish a
WebSocket connection to the `/mcp` endpoint using the standard `Sec-WebSocket-Protocol: mcp`
subprotocol. Each client session is proxied to the upstream MCP server defined
in the configuration, and responses are streamed back transparently using the
standard MCP message format. This makes MCPGo act as a gateway between agents
and upstream MCP services without altering the payloads.

### Test

To run the test suite:

```sh
make test
```

### Lint

To format and lint the code:

```sh
make lint
```

## 🏛️ Architecture

The project follows a clean architecture pattern, separating concerns into four main layers:

- **Domain:** Contains the core business logic, entities, and value objects. It has no dependencies on any other layer.
- **Application:** Orchestrates the business logic using CQRS. It defines ports (interfaces) for external dependencies like databases or event buses.
- **Interfaces:** Exposes the application to the outside world via APIs (e.g., HTTP, WebSockets).
- **Infrastructure:** Provides concrete implementations for the ports defined in the application layer (e.g., database repositories, event bus clients).

For a more detailed explanation, see [docs/architecture.md](docs/architecture.md).
